This Documentation is currently work in Progress. Things might be missing and are subject to change :)

Commands:
    - bc reload: reloads the config
    - bc saveItem <customName>: saves the item you currently hold in the main hand. IMPORTANT! The name is not allowed to match a material type/ tool type.
    - bc giveItem <CustomName>: gives the player the saved itemStack
    - bc getMetaData: returns if the item currently hold in the main hand has a saved toolId
    - bc spawnMob <EntityType> <mobId> ([world] x y z) spawns a mob with the plugin internal id tag i.e. following the defined mob loot table. if the command is made by a player, omitting the arguments in the Brackets will spawn the mob at the location of the player. Omitting the argument in the curly bracket, will spawn the entity at the given coordinates in the same world as the player

  "global-flags":
    Here you can set global flags that generally count plugin wide.
      - "mutually-exclusive-regions": if this is set to true, breaking a block will only check the loot table of the highest in the config defined zone-group where the block is a part of.
      - "mutually-exclusive-tools": is exactly the same, but with tools. --> it will only have the loot of the first group it matches with
      - "deposit-to-inventory": if this flag is set to true, dropped Items and XP will instantly be deposited in the players inventory. If set false or it is omitted, the Items / Xp will drop at the location of the broken block.
      - "fortune-modifier-per-level": Sets in % how much chance increase / decrease a fortune level on the used tool gives to the chance in any loot table element. (to decrease just give a negative number)
      - "looting-modifier-per-level": the same for looting.
      - "luck-modifier-per-level", "badLuckMultiplier": Sets in % how much chance increase / decrease a luck/badLuck effect on player that broke the block gives to the chance in any loot table element. (to decrease just give a negative number
      - "public-reward-sound": if set true all reward sounds are played for every player, by default they only play for the player breaking the block
      - "intra-modifire-multiplicativity": if set to true or on being omitted it makes that modifier level are multiplicative, and else they are additive
        inter-modifire-multiplicativity: if set to true or on being omitted it makes that the different luck influencing modifier are multiplicative, and else they are additive
      - "recursion-depth" sets the maximum depth for recursions to appear. this is by default set to 5 and should only be increased if you are sure your config is loop free
      - "max-trade-usage-default" sets the default amount of times a trade can be traded, defaults to 10

"zone-groups":
  Under this point you have to define groups of world guard zones in which the plugin will check for broken blocks, and uses the loot table defined for this region.
  You can do this by giving it a name, for example: "dirtArea".
  There are two subpoints for a group:
    - a settable flag "everywhere". If this flag is set to true, every block on the server is valid and will and the lootable defined for this area will be used
    - A map "region-ids", where you can list the world guard regions which will count to this region by adding them as a subpoint with - "<regionName>"

 "tool-groups":
    Under this point you have to define groups of tools that share a loot table.
    You can do this by giving it a name, for example: "shovels"
    There are two subpoints for a group:
        - a settable flag "always-possible". If this flag is set to true, the loot table will always be activated, no matter which Item the player uses.
        - A map "tools", where you can list the different Items which will count to this group by adding them as a subpoint with - "<ItemsStackName>" (for example - "DIAMOND_SHOVEL") or the name of a custom Item

 "findable-containers":
    Here you define which kinds of containers can be rewarded in a loot table.
    for that you first name the container, for example "normal-chest"
    As subpoints you have to:
        set "container-type" to a valid container, eg "CHEST", "FURNACE", ...
        set shuffle, if set to false, the container is filled slot by slot, if set to true or omitted the slots of the container are filled in a random order
        define a loot table under "loot" This behaves in the same way as the loot tables, for the broken blocks, except only accepting rewards of the "item" Type (look below to see how loot tables have to be structured)

 "mob-loot":
    In this section you can overwrite the loot of mobs that have been created by this plugin with a mobId
    this works as follows:
    "<mobId>":
        there are two arguments that can be used:
        natural-drops: this is by default true. If set to true or omitted, the custom drops are additional to the vanilla drops, setting it to false prevents the mob from dropping anything from it's vanilla loot table

        and then you simply list rewards like you do for standard loot tables as if you were in the hierarchy under a block


Now we look at the heart of this whole plugin: The actual mechanic to define and configure the possible rewards for breaking blocks.
First you have to define in which zone-group a given table should be working, for example "dirtArea"
    nested in this, you can assign different tables for each too-groups, for example "shovels"
        one level deeper you have to list a block, for example "DIRT" and then append it a loot table containing the rewards that breaking this block with this tool should give.

 The loot tables:
 loot tables generally are lists of rewards. You can add as many rewards as you like. Each reward must be added like:
    - <reward type>:
      <specific reward values>

    Thus, a valid reward list would be

        - chance:  4
          item: "GOLD_INGOT"

        - item: "NETHERITE_INGOT"
          chance: 4


Rewards:
    A Reward is a map containing a reward type and certain modifier
   the order inside a Reward is arbitrary, for example
            chance:  4
            item: "GOLD_INGOT"

            is the same as
            item: "NETHERITE_INGOT"
            chance: 4

   Are both equally valid rewards

 The following modifier work on any rewards:
    chance: sets the chance that a reward is given. this can be given by any double value (basically decimal value) between 0 and 100. it is by default by 100%.
    sound: "<soundName>" adds a sound effect to the given reward
    sound-priority: defines the priority of a sound. it is by default on 0.
          Per broken block, only the sound with the highest priority gets played. If there are multiple sounds with the same priority, it is not defined which of those gets played. (generally the one that gets processed first, eg is higher up in the config, but no guarantees are given)
    luck-dependence: by default on false, if set to true, the mob spawn is dependent on the luck modifiers
    local-flags: allows you to overwrite your global flags localy. i.e. for example: deposit-to-inventory: true, while it globaly is set on false, makes that only this item gets depositied directly to the inventory, whilst all other items still folow the global flag. Local flags that are not set will default back to the set global flag.
      <flagLikeDoneInGlobalFlags>: <flag value>


There are the following types of rewards, and it's subpoints:
    item: "<item name>" (<item name> is either: a Minecraft item, a custom item, or "xp" for xp points)
           is-custom: if set to true, searches the item in your saved items, which are saved in items.yml, instead of dropping a normal item. This needs to be set to make a custom item a reward
           amount: is by default, if neither it nor any bounds are provided set to 1, determines how many of a given item are dropped
           amount-lower-bound and amount-upper-bound:
                this modifier define a range of items that can be dropped. both bounds are defined inclusively, for example if lower bound is set to 1, and upperbound to 10, the player may get between 1 and 10 of the given item
                the default values if one of them is set but the other is not are: 0 for the lower bound and 64 for the upper bound
           name: gives the item a name.
           durability: sets the durability of the Item to a certain value. This value is limited to the max durability of a item of this kind (this should obviously only be done on items with durability)
           enchantment: <List of enchantments> allows to add enchantments to the item. This enchantments can be affected by the amount and are possible to be given a chance (this chance currently can not be affected by modifiers)

    container: "<container name>": places a container defined in "findable-containers" on the location the block has been broken.
        guaranteed rewards <List of rewards, as in a normal loot table, !but all of them must be items!>

    effect: "<effectName>": effectName sets which effect should be given
        effect-duration : sets the effect time in seconds
        level: sets the effect level (attention! this means level and not amplifier! to give level 1 you have to set this to 1, not to 0)

    mob: "<mobName>" creates a <mobName> mob at the location of the broken block
            mob-id: "<name>" gives the mob a id, which can be used for giving it custom loot, and with flags preventing it from dropping vanilla loot
            health: sets the mob health to a given value. If this attribute is not set, has the mob simply it's default HP
            ttl:  <doubleValue> kills the mob after <doubleValue> seconds if a ttl is set, otherwise nothing happens
            display-name: "<name>" sets a display name for the mob
            arena: <"ArenaName"> Spawns a specified arena surrounding the location of the spawned mob at high of the player.
                currently implemented arena Types: "5x3x5"
                create a git Issue or contact me if you have specific Arena form wishes

         there is a special modifier that only works for villager and wandering trader:
            trades:  <List>   here you have to give a list of Trades, !keep the "-" in mind
                              A short input: You can with "number_of_trades:" let randomly x trades of your list be picked that than will be available, default is Integer.MAXVALUE, for more details see "guaranteed Rewards"

            such a list would for example look like:
                - max-uses: 16
                  output:
                    item: "<customName>"
                    is-custom: true
                    amount: 2
                  input1:
                    item: "COAL"
                    amount: 4
                  weight: 2
                - max-uses: 10
                  output:
                    item: "NETHERITE_INGOT"
                    amount: 2
                  input1:
                    item: "CLAY_BALL"
                    amount: 64
                  input2:
                    item: "GOLD_INGOT"
                    amount: 16
                  weight: 1

            therefore a Trade looks like the folowing example, and is order insensitive
                max-uses: <number> Limits how many of this trade can be done like by normal vileager
                input1:  Sets what the Trader takes as his payment, the <ItemReward> folows the Syntax of the item reward like amount, is-custom or the amount bounds, except that it doesn't accept general reward modifiers (non-specific ones to items like "chance")
                    <ItemReward>
                input2: This modifier is optional, if this is set, the trade will require the player to give the both items.
                    <ItemReward2>
                output: Sets what the player will get if he trades
                    <ItemReward3>
                weight: <Integer> sets the weight for random trade selections. dafaults to 1



    guaranteed-rewards:
        rewards:
                <List of rewards> Grants one of the rewards in the list that is appended on it. If placed in containers, only item drops are allowed.
                                  you can set the proportional weight of all list items with the weight: value, which by default is 1
                                  keep in mind to use the list syntax by adding a "-" for every reward.

            you can also let multiple sub rewards be selected at the same time, this works the with the following by adding a
            number_of_rewards:
                <amount>      using the standard amount logic with or without bounds.


    command: <your command>: executes <your command>. This command generally parsed by PlaceholderAPI --> look at their documentation to see how your command must be written (https://wiki.placeholderapi.com/users/placeholder-list/minecraft/)
             following variables are added by this plugin to the command to make it possible for the command to target the broken block:
                - "%blockXValue%" -> gets the X value of the broken block
                - "%blockYValue%" -> gets the Y value of the broken block
                - "%blockZValue%" -> gets the Z value of the broken block

        executed-by-player: is by default false. If this is set to true, the command gets executed from the player, e.g. is restricted to use their permissions. If omitted or false, the command is executed by the console


 And here are some random Information, that I was not sure where to include but still might be important:
    - generally only one container can be rewarded in the same drop. It should be the first one which drops, (since the plugin generally reads the config from the top to the bottom, the one defined higher [you have to read the container loot etc. in the line they are called])
    - mob spawns are mutually exclusive with themselves and container spawns. this was made to prevent mobs from being stuck. The same infos as in the point above apply
    - container only get filled one tick after they are rewarded / created.
    - for mob kills the chance will check the looting level of the item that killed the mob, for breaking a block the fortune level will be checked

